


When it comes to sales, Vikas is bright and persuasive. He gets behind products he believes in, but won't push something if he knows it's not in the client's best interest. He is right candidate to build long-term relationships with clients while boosting your company's profits,

I often wonder what all attributes I can highlight in a recommendation to someone who has demonstrated so many skills during his career. Having worked in different formats of business in travel industry, Mr. Samuel has an in-depth knowledge in various functions of the travel industry unlike any specific domain. But one thing that remains as a constant in the background is technology, which is the core of his experience.

Reporting under him as an HR was and is a great experience as he always have given utmost independence to take decisions and help in implementing them with an assurance that failure need not be feared. This is a rare thing which I wanted to highlight as this particular support system is missing from a lot of superior-subordinate relationship now a days.

It is a great opportunity to work under him and learn as it helps you explore your potential and grow as an individual. 


Pramod was an outstanding problem solver and worked expeditousily on recognizing and resolving all issues. He treated each application with the utmost respect and was a true admiration to all his colleagues and business partners

Pramod was an outstanding problem solver and worked expeditousily on the ongoing implementation in Fund accounting services. He treated each requiremnt with the utmost respect and was a true admiration to all. great team player to work with.

  Great Positive Person love to have in the team.

great team player to work with. focused person with thinking to do good always.

Vision,Focus,Results and Quality are four terms that defines Srini as professional and a matured person. His abilities to convert thought into action is best thing about this person, who was one of the poineer to define the quality processes at STM. I wish him all the success in his life.

I happened to work with Srinivas Rao when i was with STMicro as Project Manager. We worked together on various process related initiatives. He is hard working and focussed person. Couple of his professional attributes are very striking: The detailed-oriented and always keen on doing things differently. I still remember his budding thoughts on institute/quality consultation....Good to see his persistent efforts towards his vision has has come true !

Great Technical Talent, delivered Project, Team Training well

Great Talent , Gem of a Software Development
Smart Developer with ability to work 24 hours a day, if required
Core Member and a Strong Pillar in our Humancapital Project Team.
Natural Leader with a Focus to even small requirements.
No company can afford to loose him.

Great Positive Person love to have in the team.
I am sure, he will climb greater heights!
i wish him tremendous success in his life.

Great Positive Person love to have in the team. Harikrishna, played critical role to build a strong team in HumanCapital Sincere, Hardworking and Progressive personality with focus on the assigned tasks and management ability.

great team player to work with. focused person with thinking to do good always

Worked with Subramanian, on Telecom Processes Outsourcing for Etech. He is Sincere and demonstrated Professional approach in acquisition of Business. It is always a pleasure to deal with Subramanian.

Syed Hyder was a focused, Process oriented manager working for Excellence. Syed carries deep conviction and commitment towards good practices at organization. His sincerity integrated with focused efforts make him a valuable asset at top of the ladder in the corporates.

Sanjay was heading FPGA Software Development Team as Project Manager, and i have worked with Sanjay and his team for Software Engineering Process Development and Improvement as part of Quality Team.

i have got very good support, cooperation and encouragement from Sanjay and he has helped me to rollout CMMI implementation with ease and played critical supporting hand in achiving the milestone for FPGA.

He is a able leader with strong technical and managerial capability, and a good person to have as colleague and friend.
I wish Sanjay great luck in the future,and wish to see him in top of the ladder with incresed responsibility.

Vinaya worked with Cityland as Business Development Manager , She was sincere in her efforts and have right attitude to contribute to the objectives of the company. she has played a cruicial role in maintaining team during the recession period.

She has demonstrated strong will, urge to succeed in difficult times, and I wish her great career in the future

Good Teammate to have, Nice Person

Hanumanth Sastry, is one of the few people who have very good process focus and systematic thinking with long terms results orientation for the organization good.

He supported all the initiatives the Quality Function has undertaken by offering Pilot Projects and required motivation and resources for the success of the organization and improvement activities.

I personally appreciate Sunil for his outlook towards life, and the way he conducts himself personally and professionally.

Sunil is an able Technical Expert and Leader with strong entreprenural abilities, and i have found in him a visionary and a friend during my tenure at STMicroelectronics.

I wish him a great success in all his endevours!

As Snehal's teammate at Vritti Solutions for the past three years, I've benefited from her creative problem-solving, tireless work ethic, and willingness to do whatever it takes to create a reliable, working and more efficient software product.
As a colleague, she is incredibly generous with her time and expertise, which includes everything from designing, documentation and coding experience to an expert-level knowledge. Beyond that, her co-worker, I have to say that her humor and good nature make tough deadlines much easier.
Her valuable insight, communication skills, confidence level, good behavior, ability to deal with sensitive issues would be a valuable addition to Employer.

I have been working with Snehal for 3 years. She is very hard working, responsible, helping and technically sound. She tackles every project with enthusiasm and competence which has always been very inspiring to all of us.

Snehal is a very dedicated resource who brings a lot of passion in whatever she does. As a thoughtful developer, she provides a deep technical knowledge across frameworks which makes her a "go-to" person. She is very good at strategizing the tasks at hand with meticulous planning thereby giving the maximum throughput. It was a pleasure working with Snehal and I would recommend Snehal to any organization who are looking for a Technical leader with excellence in communication skills. Thanks for all your help, Snehal! 

I have been working with Ganesh for more than 2 years.
He is a wonderful co-worker to work with and is dedicated, self-motivated,responsible and intelligent. He has the capability to deliver flawless projects accompanied with excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills.He has never hesitated to provide support when needed.

