	https://github.com/bhrugen/Mango_Microservices.git

1.      Dot net core

2.      Rest API

3.      Any cloud

4.      Docker and kubernetives

5.      Any UI Tool

6.      Oops concept

7.      Programming

Differences Between Task And Thread
Here are some differences between a task and a thread.

1. The Thread class is used for creating and manipulating a thread in Windows. 
A Task represents some asynchronous operation and is part of the Task Parallel Library, a set of APIs for running tasks asynchronously and in parallel.


2.The task can return a result. 
 There is no direct mechanism to return the result from a thread.

3.Task supports cancellation through the use of cancellation tokens. 
But Thread doesn't.

4. A task can have multiple processes happening at the same time. Threads can only have one task running at a time.


5.We can easily implement Asynchronous using ’async’ and ‘await’ keywords.

6.A new Thread()is not dealing with Thread pool thread, whereas Task does use thread pool thread.

7.A Task is a higher level concept than Thread.	
	
The Thread class is used for creating and manipulating a thread in Windows. 
A Task represents some asynchronous operation and is part of the Task Parallel Library	

============ IRIS Barclays 
C# .Net fullstack (3 positions) 

Exp- 7 to 12years

C# .Net
Angular (8+)
Database- MS SQL
Multithreading
OOPS
Mandatory Skills

5+ years proven experience as a Senior C# and SQL Developer, working on challenging projects
Extensive knowledge and hands-on experience with C#, .NET framework, and SQL.
Strong C# server-side development experience and proficiency in multi-threading, memory management, generics, classes, structures and objects
Strong understanding of object-oriented programming principles and design patterns.
Proficiency in database design and development using SQL Server or a similar RDBMS. Be comfortable with SQL queries, tables, stored procedures, performance tuning and troubleshooting DB issues
 

Experience with web development frameworks and technologies, such as ASP.NET, MVC, and JavaScript.
Must have good front-end development experience with Angular
Experience modernizing front-end Microsoft applications
Good domain experience in Financial services/capital markets/investment banking
Familiarity with Agile development methodologies and tools, such as Scrum or Kanban.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, with a keen eye for detail.
Ability to work effectively in a team environment and collaborate with diverse stakeholders.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to effectively convey complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
A passion for learning and staying updated with emerging technologies and industry trends.
Excellent knowledge in integration with upstream and downstream processes and systems